On what date was Harry Potter born?	
In what village was Harry Potter born?	
What is Harry's mothers maiden name?	
What is Harry's Blood Status?	
What colour are Harry's eyes?	
Harry's patronus form?	
Harry's job when he grew up?	
Harry's house at Hogwarts?	
What charm was placed over the Potter's house to protect them from Lord Voldemort?	
Who was the Potter's secret keeper?	
Harry's first kiss was with?	
Where did Harry first meet Quirinus Quirrell?	
Where did Harry first talk to a snake?	
What toy did Harry play with in his cupboard under the stairs?	
Harry's boggart turns into?	
Length of Harry's wand?	
Core of Harry's wand?	
Wood of Harry's wand?	
What school would Harry have attended if he was not a wizard?	
Harry's first broom?	
Position Harry played in quidditch?	
Harry's first quidditch match was against?	
Harry saw his parents in which mirror?	
Who was Harry's first quidditch captain?	
Neville's grandmother gave Neville this as a present in their first year at Hogwarts?	
Who created the philosopher's stone?	
In what vault in Gringotts was the philosophers stone kept?	
Who is the head goblin at Gringotts?	
Goblin who helped Harry break into Gringotts?	
Harry's Defence Against The Dark arts in year 2?	
I Am Lord Voldemort is an anagram of what name?	
What age was Lord Voldemort when he died?	
Lord Voldemort's mothers name?	
What was the name of the orphanage Lord Voldemort was in as a child?	
Lord Voldemort's mother was a direct descendent of who?	
Who was the matron of the orphanage where Voldemort lived before attending Hogwarts	
Where did Voldemort work after he finished Hogwarts?	
Lord Voldemort's boggart turns into what?	
Voldemort's first victim that he murdered?	
Which teacher told Voldemort about Horcruxes?	
Who was Headmaster when Voldemort was in Hogwarts?	
Who told Voldemort the whereabouts of The Lost Diadem?	
The Diadem was in......?	
Who did Voldemort Steal Slytherin's locket and Hufflepuff's Cup from?	
Who had a house elf called?	
Voldemort's Father is buried in a graveyard in which town?	
The Chamber of Secrets was first opened in this year?	
What monster lives in the chamber?	
This monster killed?	
Hagrid's Acromantula is called?
Who made the prophecy about Harry and the Dark Lord?	
Who heard half of this prophecy?	
What is the name of Vernon's Drill company?	
Who is the Barman at The Hog's Head?	
Who is the landlady of the Three Broomsticks pub	
What are corpses that have been bewitched to do a Dark wizard's bidding?	
What potion allows one to transform into another?	
A fire summoning spell?	
There are two of this ball in every quidditch match?	
Who wrote A History of Magic?	
Who was Remus Lupin in love with?	
...and had a baby called?	
Name of Werewolf who bit Remus?	
A potion which causes bones to regrow?	
Who is Hogwart's librarian?	
To punish himself Dobby once ironed his......?	
Who constantly had a camera in his time at Hogwarts?	
What was Neville's fathers first name?	
A Spell to open locks?	
Town just outside Hogwarts?	
Bartemius Crouch Seniors house elf?	
Minister of Magic before Fudge?	
Tufty belonged to who?	
A snake skin used in the polyjuice potion?	
Who gave Harry the chocolates spiked with love potion?	
Who asked Harry what the function of a rubber duck was?	
Kingsley Shacklebolt's patronus is a...?	
The most haunted building in Britain?	
What colour is Hagrid's umbrella?	
Who was the Riddle House grounds caretaker?	
Hagrid's giant brother is called?	
Moony, Prongs, Padfoot and Wormtail created?	
Hermione's parents occupations?	
Who is the headmaster of Durmstrang?	
What is the name of the other school in the triwizard tournament?	
Where do Bill and Fleur live?	
Professor Binns first name?	
Professor Wilhelmina Grubbly-Plank taught this subject for a short period of time?	
Who killed Bellatrix Lestrange?	
In what country is Hogwarts?	
Ghost of the Hufflepuff house?	
Rita Skeeter can turn into a...?	
Hogwarts' motto is: 'Draco dormiens nunquam titillandus'..What does this mean in English?	
Privet Drive is located where?	
Fang is what breed of dog?	
Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sport?	
Which wizard created the very first horcrux?	
Animal on the Ravenclaw crest?	
Minerva McGonagall taught this subject?	
Who was minster for magic after the death of Lord Voldemort?
Who did Hermione intend to turn into in the Chamber of Secrets after taking polyjuice potion?	
What does R.A.B. stand for?	
Flavour of Bertie Bott Bean Dumbledore got in Harry's second year?	
A creature known to infest mistletoe?	
The second most powerful dark wizard of all time?	
Editor of the Quibbler?	
Who is Head of Hufflepuff house?	
Correct name for Liquid Luck?	
Spell created by Severus Snape?	
Albus Dumbledore's full name?	
Marge Dursley's dogs name?	
Death eater Macnair's first name?	
Who won the 1994 Quidditch world cup?	
Vicktor Krum's dragon in the Triwizard Tournament?	
Planned to take a Grand Tour of the world with Albus Dumbledore?	
Who did George Weasley marry?	
This spell fills peoples' ears with an unidentifiable buzzing to keep them from hearing nearby conversations	
The Weasley's owls name?	
First potion Harry makes using his half blood prince book?	
Beings that live underwater?	
Minister of magic who was under Voldemort's imperius curse?	
Death Eater Rowles first name?	
Ginny Weasley's purple Pygmy Puff's name?	
Who taught Harry how to apparate?	
Ginny Weasley's first boyfriend?	
Slytherin Quidditch captain in Harry's first match?	
Katie Bell's friend who was with her when she was cursed by the necklace?	
Foreign wandmaker?	
Very popular band in the wizarding world?	
Where might one find a bezoar?	
Who did Voldemort kill to turn nagini into a horcrux?	
Memory charm used by Hermione on her parents	
Which peverell brother owned the elder wand?	
Which peverell brother owned the resurrection stone?	
Which peverell brother owned the cloak of invisibility?	
Student who betrayed the D.A. to Umbridge?	
Who teaches Study of Ancient Runes?	
Fleur Delacour's dragon in the Triwizard Tournament?	
Broderick Bode's occupation?	
Spell to get rid of a Boggart?	
Where was Helga Hufflepuff's Cup destoyed?	
Ron's favourite quidditch team?	
Nearly Headless Nicks full name?	
Cedric Diggory's fathers name?	
Harry's trademark spell?	
The ancestral home of the Black family?	
Seamus Finnigan's boggart transformation?	
The male Carrow's first name?	
Who did Ron impersonate when trying to get the locket off Umbridge?	
What is Madam Pomfrey's first name?
An object used to review memories?	
The man who Harry impersonated in the deathly hallows when trying to find the locket?	
A device capable of time travel?	
In what prison was gellert grindelwald sent to?	
Charity Burbage taught this subject?	
A creature that acts as a tree guardian for its home tree?	
What is the name of Britain's wizarding high court of law and parliament?	
A plant which has a root that looks like a human?	
Cho Chang's patronus?	
Occlumency is the act of magically closing one's mind against.......?	
One of Molly Weasley's brothers?	
what was written on Harry's snitch from Dumbledore's will?	
Who was caretaker before Argus Filch?	
A centaur who helped out with divination classes?	
The make of The Weasley's flying car?	
Chaser for the Irish National Quidditch team during the 1994 Quidditch World Cup?	
What animal pulls the school carriages at Hogwarts?	
The highest grade in an O.W.L. exam?	
The lowest grade in an O.W.L. exam?	
Driver of the Knight Bus?	
Who referees the Hogwarts quidditch matches?	
Who did Hermione bring to the Slughorn's party?	
Who was flying with Mad Eye the night he died?	
How many points is the golden snitch worth?	
Seeker for the Irish National Quidditch team during the 1994 Quidditch World Cup	
Ginny's patronus?	
Conductor of the Knight Bus	
A spell that magnifies the spell caster's voice when one's wand is pointing to the side of the caster's neck	
Village in which the Lovegood's live?	
The Triwizard Cup was turned into a...?	
The Weasleys and Harry travelled to the Quidditch World Cup by touching a..?	
They travelled to the world cup from?	
In Harry's first year Voldemort survived by drinking the blood of which animal?	
The dangerous tree at Hogwarts?	
Symbol on the Hufflepuff Crest?	
The name of Madam Malkin's shop?	
How many sickles in a Galleon?	
How many Knuts in a Sickle?	
What is Luna's patronus?	
How many Knuts in a Galleon?	
Neville Longbottom's Mother's name?	
Professor of Arithmancy at Hogwarts?	
Where Harry and Cho went for Valentine's day?	
The first unforgivable curse Harry attempted?	
The name of Neville's toad?	
What is the art of reading tea leaves to predict events in the future?	
Who could transform into a stag?	
Food is one of the exceptions to what?	
Where is the Slytherin common room?	
Who is the author of Hogwarts, A History
What is Albus Dumbledore's full name? Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore

What breed was Hagrid's pet dragon? Norwegian Ridgeback

Who is the only one Peeves is afraid of? The Bloody Baron

What was the first skiving snackbox the twins perfected? Puking Pastilles

What does the Hogwarts school motto stand for when translated? Never tickle a sleeping dragon

What are the numbers typed into the telephone when entering the ministry of magic through the visitors entrance? 62442

What animal's tail hair is the elder wand made of? Thestral

What was Hagrid's Mum's name? Fridwulfa

What is the incantation that makes the dark mark appear? Morsmorde

Who was Ron pretending to be when he, Harry and Hermione broke into the ministry of magic in the last book? Reg Cattermole

Which bank vault in Gringotts contained the Phliosopher's Stone? 713

Which ancient wizarding line did the Potters descend from? The Peverells

http://the-quiz.com/quiz-questions-harry-potter-one.htm
1. What do you destroy a Horcrux with?
2. Who is Harry Potter's godfather?
3. Which type of creepy crawly is Ronald Weasley most afraid of?
4. What breed is Hagrid's pet Dragon?
5. What is Snape's Patronus?
6. What is the newspaper that frequently appears in all 8 books?
7. In which London station do you stand between platform 9 and 10 to catch the train to Hogwarts?
8. What is the name of Hagrid's huge dog?
9. Who leads the flying classes at Hogwarts?
10. What is the name of the book Hermione gives to Harry before his first ever Quidditch match?
11. What are the name of Ron's Mum and Dad?
12. Who takes over as 'Defence Against the Dark Arts' teacher in the Chamber of Secrets?
13. What is the gift that Harry has which enables him to speak and understand the language of the snakes?
14. What is the name of Dumbledore's phoenix?
15. What does Fawkes give to Harry to save his life after being poisoned by the Basilisks fang?
16. Scabbers was who in his Animagus form?
17. What enchanted artefact chooses the most worthy entrants who submitted their names for the Triwizard Tournament?
18. Who is with Harry when he is attacked by Dementors on a walk trying to avoid his Aunt and Uncle?
19. In Harry's dream what does he see attacking Ron's father?
20. To whom did Sybill Trelawney tell the Prophecy about 'the coming of a boy' who would be powerful enough to vanquish Lord Voldemort?
Ans:
1. Basilisk venom
2. Sirius Black
3. Spiders
4. Norwegian Ridgeback
5. Doe
6. Daily Prophet
7. Kings Cross Station
8. Fang
9. Madam Rolanda Hooch
10. Quidditch Through the Ages
11. Molly and Arthur Weasley
12. Gilderoy Lockhart
13. Parseltongue
14. Fawkes
15. (Fawkes) Phoenix tear
16. Peter Pettigrew
17. The Goblet of Fire
18. Dudley Dursley (his cousin)
19. A snake
10. Dumbledore

Ques:
1. What is the make and model of the Weasley's flying car?
2. Which 3 brothers asked for the creation of the Deathly Hallows?
3. Who was the Headmaster at Hogwarts prior to Dumbledore?
4. What is the official Hogwarts school motto?
5. Whose house did Voldemort use as his headquarters?
6. Which bank vault in Gringotts contained the Philopsher's stone?
7. What is Luna's Patronus?
8. What is Hagrid's full title at Hogwarts?
9. What do Harry and Ron encounter in the forbidden area on the 3rd floor in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
10. Who do Ron and Harry become after drinking Polyjuice in the Chambers of Secrets?
11. What role does Cornelius Fudge play at the Ministry of Magic?
12. What preserved the memory of a 16 year old Tom Riddle, in the Chamber of Secrets?
13. What is a Boggart?
14. What is the name of the pub run by Madam Rosmerta in Hogsmeade?
15. What ceremony ensured all the champions wands were in perfect functioning condition in the Goblet of Fire?
16. What was the second task in the Triwizard tournament?
17. Why was Harry expelled from Hogwarts by the Ministry of Magic in the Order of the Phoenix?
18. What is the name of the house elf of the House of Black?
19. What was the name of the secret organisation initiated by Harry, Hermione and Ronald to teach fellow Hogwart's students proper Defence against the Dark Arts?
20. Who ambushed Harry and his friends when they arrive at the Department of Mysteries in Order of the Phoenix?

Ans:
1. Ford Anglia (105E Deluxe)
2. Antioch, Cadmus and Ignotus Peverell
3. Armando Dippet
4. 'Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus' - Latin for 'Never Tickle a Sleeping Dragon'
5. Malfoy Manor
6. 713
7. Hare
8. Keeper of the Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry
9.Three-headed dog called Fluffy
10. Crabbe and Goyle
11. The Minister for Magic
12. A Diary
13. A shape-shifter that takes the shape of a person's worst fear
14. The Three Broomsticks Inn
15. Wand weighing ceremony
16. To retrieve something that was dear to them held deep beneath the lake at Hogwarts by the merpeople
17. For underage magic
18. Kreacher
19. Dumbledore's Army (D.A. or Defence Association)
10. Death Eaters

Ques:
1. What name was given to Lord Voldemort at birth?
2. Who gave Harry his Firebolt?
3. What is Harry's Patronus?
4. When Harry gained full possession of the Elder Wand, what did he use it for?
5. At what address did Harry live with Vernon and Petunia Dursley?
6. What is the name of Argus Filch's cat?
7. Which magical creature reveals that he has stopped letters being sent to Harry and offers them to him if he agrees to not return to Hogwarts?
8. What does Molly Weasley send to Ron Weasley after learning that he and Harry drove the flying car to Hogwarts?
9. How long does Hermione leave the Polyjuice potion to brew?
10. What is the name of the sulking ghost who lives in a bathroom within Hogwarts?
11. Who was kidnapped by the heir of Slytherin?
12. Which village are 3rd Year students at Hogwarts allowed to visit with a parent/guardians permission?
13. What is the name of the teacher at Hogwarts who can predict future events using tea leaves?
14. What type of magical creature/species is Buckbeak?
15. Who is the black dog that appears to Harry in the Chamber of Secrets?
16. Which spell conjures up 'The Dark Mark' in the air?
17. What was the first task in the Triwizard tournament?
18. Who was murdered by Peter Pettigrew with the Killing curse, on the orders of Voldemort, in the maze?
19. What is the address of the Black family house being used as headquarters for Order of the Phoenix?
20. When Professor Umbridge is appointed as High Inquisitor what is the name of the rules and regulations she installs?

Ans:
1. Tom Marvolo Riddle
2. Sirius Black
3. Stag
4. To repair his own broken Wand
5. No. 4 Privet Drive
6. Mrs Norris
7. Dobby the Elf
8. A Howler
9. A month
10. Moaning Myrtle
11. Ginny Weasley
12. Hogsmeade
13. Sybill Trelawney
14. A Hippogriff
15. Sirius Black
16. Morsmordre
17. To retrieve a Golden Egg being guarded by a dragon
18. Cedric Diggory
19. No. 12 Grimmauld Place
20. Educational Decrees


Ques: 

1. Which house did the Sorting Hat almost put Harry in?
2. What do Hermione's parents do for a living?
3. What shape is Harry Potter's scar?
4. Winky and Dobby are what kind of magical creatures?
5. What is the name of the reporter whom Harry encounters throughout all books?
6. What country did Viktor Krum come from?
7. Which unforgiveable curse causes pain to the victim?
8. In the Philosophers stone which character greets Harry saying 'he hasn't seen him since he was a baby'? Then presents him with a Birthday cake?
9. What type of tree do Harry and Ron crash into after missing the Hogwarts Express and taking Mr Weasley's flying car to get back to Hogwarts?
10. What is the Basilisk?
11. What is the name of the triple-decker bus designed for Wizard transportation?
12. What is the name of Ron's pet rat?
13. Where did Sirius Black escape from?
14. What is 'The Dark Mark' a symbol of?
15. Who try to enter their names into the Goblet of Fire but are under-age and repelled by the age line to everyone's amusement?
16. Who from Hufflepuff represents Hogwarts in the Triwizard tournament?
17. Who enchanted the Triwizard cup to be a portkey that would be activated by touch?
18. Who gives Harry detention every night for a week for talking about Voldemorts return in their Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson, in the Order of the Phoenix?
19. What is the name of the shop opened on Diagon Alley by Fred and George Weasley?
20. What attacks Harry on his way back to Hogwarts for his 3rd year, by sucking the happiness out of him?

ans:
1. Slytherin
2. Dentists
3. Lightening
4. House Elves
5. Rita Skeeter
6. Bulgaria
7. Crucio
8. Rubeus Hagrid
9. Whomping Willow
10. Giant Snake
11. Knight Bus
12. Scabbers
13. Azkaban
14. Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters
15. Fred and George Weasley
16. Cedric Diggory
17. Crouch Jr as Professor Moody
18. Professor Umbridge
19. Weasleys Wizard Wheezes
20. A Dementor

Questions:
1. What is Albus Dumbledore's full name?
2. What snackbox created by the Weasley twins causes instant 'sickness'?
3. Who are the 4 people that appear to Harry out of the Resurrection Stone?
4. Professor Remus Lupin was affected by Lycanthropy. What did this do to him?
5. Who also shared the Doe Patronus along with Snape?
6. What creatures run Gringotts Bank?
7. What platform do you stand on to catch the train to Hogwarts?
8. What are the first names of the Weasley Twins?
9. Who did Voldemort leave to die after possessing his body in the Philosopher's Stone?
10. What is the name of the Weasley's home?
11. What shop on Knockturn Alley specialises in objects related to the Dark Arts?
12. What message is written on the wall next to a petrified Mrs Norris on the night of the Hallowe'en Feast in the Chamber of Secrets?
13. How does Harry open the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets?
14. Who is Dobby the house elf's master?
15. What does Harry give to Dobby to free him from his master?
16. What is the name of Hermione's Cat in the Prisoner of Azkaban?
17. What is the name of the Map that shows Hogwarts secrets passage, corridors, classrooms and every persons location within the castle and grounds?
18. What major sporting event appears in the Goblet of Fire?
19. What enchanted object, when touched, can instantly transport one or many people to a specific location?
20. What special tournament took place at Hogwarts, between three schools, in the Goblet of Fire?

ans:
1. Slytherin
2. Dentists
3. Lightening
4. House Elves
5. Rita Skeeter
6. Bulgaria
7. Crucio
8. Rubeus Hagrid
9. Whomping Willow
10. Giant Snake
11. Knight Bus
12. Scabbers
13. Azkaban
14. Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters
15. Fred and George Weasley
16. Cedric Diggory
17. Crouch Jr as Professor Moody
18. Professor Umbridge
19. Weasleys Wizard Wheezes
20. A Dementor