In Chapter 1
what house dursley's live in? #4 Privet drive
what title did Dursley have at his workplace? Director
company that did Vernon Dursley worked for? Grunnings
what product did Grunnings produce? drills
what color petunia's hair? blonde
why was petunia's long neck said to be useful? spying on neighbors
name of dursley's son? dudley
dursleys' greatest fear? anyone finding out about The Potters
how are petunia and lily related? sisters
what day of the week did Harry get dropped off at doorstep? Tuesday
what time did dursley pick up briefcase to head out the house? 8:30
what did dursley say when baby Dudley threw a tantrum as he tried to kiss him goodbye? "little tyke"
what was the first peculiar sign vernon saw that Tuesday? a tabby cat reading a map
which of these things did dursley NOT see the tabby cat do? cat did: read map, read sign, stared at him
what was dursley thinking as he drove to work? drills
what did durlsey notice on the way to work? people in funny cloaks !owls, !cats
what enraged him about cloaked people? they weren't young people
what did dursley assume about people to appease himself? they were collecting
which way did dursley sit facing? back to window
what did vernon fail to see? owls flying past his window
yelled at how many people? 5
what did durlsey decide to eat for lunch? a bun
what did dursley hear that made him stop in his tracks? the Potter's name
what of these did vernon not guess harry's name might be? (guessed: harvey, harold)
what did a stranger do to dursley on the way to his car? he was hugged
what word did dudley learn? sha'n't
what did dursley hear on news? owls acting abnormally, shooting stars
name of meteorologist on news? Jim McGuffin
news viewers called in to report shooting stars from what cities? kent, yorkshire, dundee
last comforting thought before dursley went to sleep? the Potters wouldn't come near them
what did dumbledore say to the tabby cat? "i should have known"
what was the name of the device dumbledore used to remove Privet drive lights? Put Outer
what did dumbledore offer macgonagall that night? lemon drop, !put outer
how did macgonagall refer to V*ldemort? V*ldemort, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, You-Know-Who
when was the last time dumbledore blushed? when Madam Pomfrey said she liked his new earmuffs
what was odd about dumbledore's watch? 12 hands with planets instead of numbers
why did macgonagall question dumbledore's decision to trust hagrid with bringing harry? hagrid was careless
how did harry arrive? on a motorcycle with hagrid
who owned the motorbike/cycle that hagrid brought harry to privet drive on? sirius black
what were the sizes of hagrid's hands and leather boots compared to? dustbin(trash can) lids and baby dolphins
when did Hagrid say harry fell asleep? as they were flying over bristol
what did dumbledore say the scar over his left knee looks like? london underground
how many balls of light did the Put Outer take from Privet Drive? 12
when did dursley's discover harry at their doorstep? as petunia put out milk bottles
what were people all over the country saying as they held up their glasses the night the potter's died? "to harry potter -the boy who lived!" 